Generalize shell script argument getter (#7)
DataDome/bash-methods: README.md

### Get BASH script parameters

> You can use the script `components/check-bash-parameters.sh` to parse scripts arguments. By default it will wait 1 argument and export it as `STEP` variable.

Reviewer: A part for this script will be better I think, It can be used alone and it is very useful not only for Terraform

All the others arguments are exported as `COMMAND_OPTIONS`.
If you want to customize which parameters you want, you can export theses 2 variables:
- `SCRIPT_PARAMS_VARIABLES`: A bash array containing variables names you want to export (ex: `export SCRIPT_PARAMS_VARIABLES=(PROVIDER REGION STEP)`).
- `SCRIPT_PARAMS_USAGE`: The corresponding usage

> You can also use the script `terraform/get-script-parameters.sh`, it does the same but you have to have a `STEP` variable in your list and he will clean all script logs from stdout if the step you want to do is an `output`.

Reviewer: You can also use the script `terraform/get-script-parameters.sh`, it does the same but you must have a `STEP` variable in your list and it will clean all script logs from stdout if the step that you want to do is an `output`.
```suggestion
You can also use the script `terraform/get-script-parameters.sh`, it does the same but you have to have a `STEP` variable in your list and he will clean all script logs from stdout if the step you want to do is an `output`.
```

> This permit to parse the output of terraform in scripts without all the script logs poluate stdout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It permits to parse the output of Terraform in scripts without all the script logs poluate stdout.
```

* Usage

```
# Check script parameters
source ./bash-methods/terraform/get-script-parameters.sh
```

or

```
# Check custom script parameters
export SCRIPT_PARAMS_VARIABLES=(PROVIDER REGION STEP)
export SCRIPT_PARAMS_USAGE='<provider> <region> <step ex.init|plan|apply>'
source ./bash-methods/terraform/get-script-parameters.sh
```

> ### Get parameters for Terraform script

Reviewer: why not in the `Terraform` part? And also add Requirements and Usage for that, it is better to repeat things in the documentation instead of not be clear I think
